of the headlines from this is that
Israel or at least this prime minister
is not interested right now in
negotiations I think he basically
rejected everything uh that America's
allies
friends and detractors have been
proposing um in recent weeks I think um
you could say Sammy that uh finally
after four months of wobbling in his
tone not in his position because there's
nothing new that's been said today but
clearly in terms of tone I think the the
the Israeli Prime Minister have finally
found his voice and his voice of course
is obnoxious abrasive and confident this
was not the case the past few months now
this is the wartime leader speaking and
he's speaking in terms that have
absolutely nothing to do with
negotiations he is talking about heroism
he's talking about victory about
prevailing and clearly he's talking
about a decisive defeat eliminating
Hamas and so on and so forth now to
convince his audience and his audience
is the Israeli public whose eyes today
are directed towards T Aviv where a good
number of segment of the Israeli public
is is demonstrating with the families of
the captives and he said something very
important he said it before but once
again he's saying it with a new tone
he's saying
you are attacking me with the uh
requests and the demands of the families
of the captives of the captives requests
and demands I am responding to you with
the calls and the demands of the
soldiers who died in this war and their
families and their lives that should not
be or should not have gone for nothing
I'm talking talking to you about the
thousands of soldiers who were injured
and they couldn't have been injured for
nothing so he's basically Jaa
positioning two segments of the Israeli
Society those
who fought and those who were held
captives he's also jxa positioning his
own
Coalition of 64 members of the 120
Israeli Parliament who which he's
holding on to dearly in as far as
concern the American position is not
important International attempts at
dictating to Israel what it true and and
how it should recognize a Palestinian
state is not acceptable the Netanyahu
that's abrasive confidence and obnoxious
is claiming that America that came to
his Aid America that allowed him to be a
prime minister when he is today and to
claim to be a wartime leader he America
should not be listened to
it Israel will take the money it will
take the arms but it rejects the advice
believe it or not the the the leader of
this little whatever you want to call it
country
thinks in terms of egality with the
United States he says I don't interfere
in your Internal Affairs don't interfere
in ours is another way of of looking at
this that this is a man who's feeling
the heat from some of the domestic
pressure now as we see those protests in
places like Tel Aviv grow oh yes
absolutely this Nano once again I need
to underline these things because this
is Netanyahu that we've known over the
years the past 25 30 years this is the
obnoxious abrasive confident Netanyahu
that will not accept dictates from the
street from the opposition and the last
the last question that he posted to the
Press which prob I think it went you
know when none of us understood what
he's talking about I think he's
basically trying to build up some
conspiracy theory that there are
invisible hands that are trying to
destabilize his government I'm not sure
if he's going to start signaling anyone
in the United States or elsewhere but
clearly there are now increasing voices
even in the United States that wants him
removed that want to see a new elections
in Israel because for a lot of people
especially in this region in the Middle
East that think the main obstacle to
peace is Netanyahu not Hanah it's leud
that's governing in Israel not Hamas
it's
Israel not Gaza this is the obstacle to
peace all right thanks so much Maran
bishar well while prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu was speaking two
separate protests have been taking place
in Tel Aviv one group is calling for him
to step down the other is demanding the
release of all captives being held in
Gaza let's go live now to hamda Salud
she joins us from Tel Aviv and I
understand hamda as he was speaking
there were some scuffles going on tell
us what was happening
there as you can see behind me the
anti-government demonstration in full
force this is the first time since the
beginning of the war that the
anti-government protest movement has
come out in full force like this you can
see police mounted on Horseback here and
these trucks that have been placed by
Israeli police and that's in order to
prevent the demonstrators from going all
the way down this road to our left here
and blocking the isone highway that's
something that the anti-government
protest movement was doing constantly in
the year of 2023 leading up to the war
now simultaneously just across the
street you have a rally
to bring back the captives at some point
this evening those two demonstrations
will come together into one massive
protest against the Israeli government's
policy that has seen not bringing back
the captives the Israeli Prime Minister
speaking tonight addressing the issue
but when you talk to Israelis Here In
This Crowd they'll tell you that time
has simply run out 134 days have gone by
and the family members have not not seen
their loved ones so on top of the that
protest you have anti-government
demonstrations here in Tel Aviv Israelis
showing up in the thousands Sammy all
right thanks so
much
H well manim Klein is